Added aci_l3out_node_sid_profile resource and data-source files (#1207)
CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci: docs/data-sources/l3out_node_sid_profile.md

---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "L3Out"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_l3out_node_sid_profile"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_l3out_node_sid_profile"
description: |-

>   Data source for L3out Node Sid Profile

Reviewer: Should we overwrite this naming to something like below?
```suggestion
  Data source for L3out Node SR-MPLS Segment ID Profile
```

---

# aci_l3out_node_sid_profile #

Data source for L3out Node Sid Profile

## API Information ##

* Class: [mplsNodeSidP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/mplsNodeSidP/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 5.0(1k) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/out-{name}/lnodep-{name}/rsnodeL3OutAtt-[{tDn}]/lbp-[{addr}]/nodesidp-{sidoffset}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Networking -> L3Outs -> Logical Node Profiles -> Policy -> Nodes -> Policy -> Loopback Addresses`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_l3out_node_sid_profile" "example_l3out_loopback_interface_profile" {
  parent_dn  = aci_l3out_loopback_interface_profile.example.id
  sid_offset = "1"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_l3out_loopback_interface_profile](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/l3out_loopback_interface_profile) ([l3extLoopBackIfP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extLoopBackIfP/overview))

> * `sid_offset` (sidoffset) - (string) The offset ID of the L3out Node Sid Profile object.

Reviewer: Should we rename this to segment_id?

```suggestion
* `segment_id` (sidoffset) - (string) The SR-MPLS segment ID of the L3out Node Sid Profile object.
```
